README.md, before:

# ES.Tools
Great useful WPF controls and helpers.

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/jd0r84sejxmxysr3?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/pschimmel/es-tools)
[![AppVeyor tests](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/tests/pschimmel/es-tools)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/pschimmel/es-tool)
[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/ES.Tools)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/ES.Tools/)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/pschimmel/es.tools)](https://github.com/pschimmel/ES.Tools/issues)

## Adorners
- [**ControlAdorner**](Documentation/ControlAdorner.md) - Adorner that renders any control.
- [**DataTemplateAdorner**](Documentation/DataTemplateAdorner.md) - Adorner that will take a *DataTemplate* and a data object to render the adorner.

## Behaviors
- [**AutoScrollToCurrentItemBehavior**](Documentation/AutoScrollToCurrentItemBehavior.md) - Tries to bring the current item into the view. Works with any *Selector* control. 
- [**TextBoxBehavior**](Documentation/TextBoxBehavior.md) - Use the property *SelectAllTextOnFocus* to automatically select the whole text when the control is focused. 
- [**PasswordBoxBehavior**](Documentation/PasswordBoxBehavior.md) - Same as *TextBoxBehavior*, but for the WPF *PasswordBox* control.
 
## Controls
- [**AutoGrayableImage**](Documentation/AutoGrayableImage.md) - Image control that automatically turns itself into a grayscale image when disabled.
- [**CustomItemsControl**](Documentation/CustomItemsControl.md) - *ItemsControl* that uses a *ContentControl* as item container. This enables implicit *ViewModel* data templates.

## Converters
- [**BooleanToVisibilityConverter**](Documentation/Converters.md) - Converts a boolean value to a *System.Windows.Visibility*.
- [**ColorToStringConverter**](Documentation/Converters.md) - Converts a WPF *System.Windows.Media.Color* to a string and back.
- [**DateTimeToTimeSpanConverter**](Documentation/Converters.md) - Converts a *System.DateTime* into a *System.TimeSpan*. This can be used for data binding when the model property has to be a *System.DateTime*.
- [**TextTrimmingConverter**](Documentation/Converters.md) - Converts a string into a string with a limited number of characters. If the text exceeds the number of characters "..." is added.

## Effects
- [**GrayscaleEffect**](Documentation/GrayscaleEffect.md) - WPF *Effect* that turns the control into a monochrome colored control.

## Infrastructure
- [**Utilities**](Documentation/Utilities.md) - Useful tools and extensions.

## MVVM
- **NotifyObject** - Basic abstract implementation of *INotifyPropertyChanged*.
- **ViewModel** - Basic abstract implementation of a *ViewModel*. Inherits from *NotifyObject* and implements *IDisposable*.
- **ActionCommand** - *ICommand* implementation, updating automatically when the *CanExecute* changes.

## UI
- [**DependencyPropertyWatcher**](Documentation/DependencyPropertyWatcher.md) - Watches a dependency property and casts an event when the value changes.
- **DispatcherWrapper** - Wrapper that wraps a WPF dispatcher. In unit tests you can easily replace the default dispatcher by a tesing implementation.
- **TreeHelper** - Extension methods that help navigate the WPF visual tree and logical tree.

Commit message:

Added OfficeSlider and more documentation.

README.md, after:

# ES.Tools
Great useful WPF controls and helpers.

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/jd0r84sejxmxysr3?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/pschimmel/es-tools)
[![AppVeyor tests](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/tests/pschimmel/es-tools)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/pschimmel/es-tool)
[![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/ES.Tools)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/ES.Tools/)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/pschimmel/es.tools)](https://github.com/pschimmel/ES.Tools/issues)

## Adorners
- [**ControlAdorner**](Documentation/ControlAdorner) - Adorner that renders any control.
- [**DataTemplateAdorner**](Documentation/DataTemplateAdorner) - Adorner that will take a *DataTemplate* and a data object to render the adorner.

## Behaviors
- [**AutoScrollToCurrentItemBehavior**](Documentation/AutoScrollToCurrentItemBehavior) - Tries to bring the current item into the view. Works with any *Selector* control. 
- [**TextBoxBehavior**](Documentation/TextBoxBehavior) - Use the property *SelectAllTextOnFocus* to automatically select the whole text when the control is focused. 
- [**PasswordBoxBehavior**](Documentation/PasswordBoxBehavior) - Same as *TextBoxBehavior*, but for the WPF *PasswordBox* control.
 
## Controls
- [**AutoGrayableImage**](Documentation/AutoGrayableImage) - Image control that automatically turns itself into a grayscale image when disabled.
- [**CustomItemsControl**](Documentation/CustomItemsControl) - *ItemsControl* that uses a *ContentControl* as item container. This enables implicit *ViewModel* data templates.
- [**OfficeSlider**](Documentation/OfficeSlider) - Restyling of the WPF slider that it looks more similar to the slider in Office applications.

## Converters
- [**BooleanToVisibilityConverter**](Documentation/Converters) - Converts a boolean value to a *System.Windows.Visibility*.
- [**ColorToStringConverter**](Documentation/Converters) - Converts a WPF *System.Windows.Media.Color* to a string and back.
- [**DateTimeToTimeSpanConverter**](Documentation/Converters) - Converts a *System.DateTime* into a *System.TimeSpan*. This can be used for data binding when the model property has to be a *System.DateTime*.
- [**TextTrimmingConverter**](Documentation/Converters) - Converts a string into a string with a limited number of characters. If the text exceeds the number of characters "..." is added.

## Effects
- [**GrayscaleEffect**](Documentation/GrayscaleEffect) - WPF *Effect* that turns the control into a monochrome colored control.

## Infrastructure
- **Services** - Singleton class that globally manages service classes.
- **TempServiceReplacer** - Utility class that replaces services temporarily.
- [**Utilities**](Documentation/Utilities) - Useful tools and extensions.

## MVVM
- [**ActionCommand**](Documentation/ActionCommand) - *ICommand* implementation, updating automatically when the *CanExecute* changes.
- [**NotifyObject**](Documentation/NotifyObject) - Basic abstract implementation of *INotifyPropertyChanged*.
- **ViewFactory** - Singleton class that manages the dependency between *ViewModel* and *View*.
- [**ViewModel**](Documentation/ViewModel) - Basic abstract implementation of a *ViewModel*. Inherits from *NotifyObject* and implements *IDisposable*.

## UI
- [**DependencyPropertyWatcher**](Documentation/DependencyPropertyWatcher) - Watches a dependency property and casts an event when the value changes.
- **DispatcherWrapper** - Wrapper that wraps a WPF dispatcher. In unit tests you can easily replace the default dispatcher by a tesing implementation.
- **TreeHelper** - Extension methods that help navigate the WPF visual tree and logical tree.
